Is it okay now?
I didn't say a word!
Make up words! What words do you have to negotiate terms with me?
Don't forget it! Is your little friend still in my hands?
Believe me, I will never let you see me again!
Counting a thousand people, that girl owes you.
Think clearly at hand!
I'll think about it!
You can consider it! But what!
If you think about it for one more day, I will shorten one finger from her!
I want to take a look! When do you have to consider it?
It's a chest
like something
Do you dare me? Little Prize Man
You are so strong-handed
You'd better think it over for me.
otherwise
I will let you protect your decision
Go to Guanzhuan
Even if you really promise me
Then although people go
The country can help me if it's for me.
If I try hard, you may not be able to do it
What a good kid, really
where are you now